[Music]
Surely at this point there is no need to
give context of what is
happening in Valencia, the worst
meteorological disaster of all
time in the Iberian Peninsula has occurred and there are
many people who are having a very bad time
because it has been a catastrophe with many
human and material losses, like they
are living right now in [ __ ],
the streets are still muddy
with There is a lot of danger of
diseases because
the waters are contaminated, the waters are mixed with
all the garbage, people are doing their
business wherever they can, uh, the water
is mixed with everything, realize
that there is gasoline, garbage, that is,
absolutely everything,
decomposing corpses, anyway, the situation is
really quite critical and strong
and I send a big kiss to Valencia,
eh And I hope it is resolved as soon as possible, the
behavior of the government has been
pathetic. But well, the context of all
this. Now Gref is going to give it, also Gref,
the other day he did a charity event, a
charity stream in which
150,000 turkey was raised, the truth is that it was
50,000 that the people donated Eh 50,000 that
came out of their own pockets and another 50,000 that
the platform put in 150,000 bucks But there
's a television channel here in
Spain that is very close to
Pedro Sánchez's government and instead of dedicating
programs to the management that
Pedro Sánchez has done, no, or the PSOE Well, they're
like attacking wherever they go, wherever they
can, they attack Iker Jiménez, they
attack Ruben Gier, they go wherever they can
No, and they've taken a clip of Gref or to
throw him, let's actually Look at an pastor
@an pastor sent a message to Gref
after spreading rumors about the
Buenaire shopping center The context
is very simple There was a
shopping center Well there was and there isn't a
shopping center which is the
largest shopping center in Valencia That
shopping center has a garage It has
a parking lot with about 2,000, 3,000 spaces
Okay, very large, it's the largest shopping center
in Valencia Well, imagine the parking lot
And until
about 24 hours ago a little  more
between 24 and 48 okay this morning the
flooding has finished it has still been
flooded Why Well because the
authorities have not gone the
emergency teams have not gone anyway flooded it was
expected or many people expected that
inside that parking lot there would be
many bodies On the one hand because there are
still many missing people, that is to say there are
2000 reports of missing
family members it is said I no longer know what
is true and what is a lie
but at least I believe that this is
official data that there were about 10000 1900
reports of missing people and at the moment
well there are 600 people who have appeared
and I believe that those 600 are between deceased
and not deceased so there are
still many people yet to appear who most
likely Well at this point
after a week what will happen tomorrow well there is
not much hope that they are
alive no and there are many bodies in the in
people's garages in the
buildings there are many bodies in the sea
because in the end that water ends up in the sea
okay eh And underneath  of the cars underneath
the buildings that have collapsed
well, the worst was expected from that
parking lot the truth is that there were also
many hoaxes I'm not going to lie to you there were
many people giving information like
that a diver from the civil guard had
gone to search in the parking lot and that it
was a cemetery that came out crying
which was completely impossible
why Well because that water is not a water
in which you can search and you can see the
corpses rubbing together, I mean it's water
full of mud garbage gasoline everything everything it is
the flood that this one that there was
not the storm so there was a lot of
bu one of those bu well I don't
really know if this is a hoax because of course they
are calling this a hoax that you are going to
hear because of the fact that in the end
fortunately the firefighters and the
police have already base the parking lot of
water and it turns out that there is not a single
death. I started to say it yesterday
morning because what because they sent me
many videos of the moment when
everything was flooding and it was empty, I
mean the shopping center that afternoon there were
four cats and the parking lot was empty
because  There were people coming down, they saw that
everything was flooding and they went
up and jumped up, a lot of people took
shelter, well they headed to the
top of the shopping center like It's logical
and in the 100 montaditos apparently they
gave them food and then they opened the
cinemas for them to stop and spend the
night In short, I was hopeful
Yesterday morning and I said it in the video
that I uploaded from the car on telesalseo
that there weren't going to be almost any
deaths and zero zero there were okay I'm
very glad about that mistake and that it
was a hoax La Movida It's that this
information that Gref echoes because they're
saying it in other places okay so it's that
Gref is not to blame Of course they
're blaming him for spreading hoaxes
let's see if there are better or
worse media that are giving this information
what's my fault So I'm not going let's
see if I read the press Well, I do
n't go checking every news that I read
in the press it's that you can't yesterday a
friend who is from the civil guard was one
of the 12  divers who went down to the Bonaire parking lot
Bonaire is the largest shopping center
in Valencia and they say that the parking lot
is flooded and it's
crazy, it was flooded, okay And what
Greev is reading here is something
that was coming out in the media and
apart from the fact that it was coming out in the
media, it made sense, it made sense, okay
But anyway, the fact that Gref said and
what he said is that there are both children and
adults dead with their eyes
open there in the cars and he estimated
that on the first floor there were more than
1,000 dead and four of his companions
and he as soon as he left the parking lot vomited from
everything they saw down there These are
things that people have been telling on
Twitter You don't think there's going to be an
idiot who makes that up,
but there are, okay, I mean, there were people
making up everything, obviously,
guys, it's a comment that
anyone can make And maybe it's exaggerated or not,
but this is scary, on top of that, I
hadn't heard that, okay, I mean,
on top of that, he makes that addition, on top of that, he made that
addition What are you going to tell him? Ana pastor about
Gref I find it very disappointing  this
guy that Rubén gisf throws garbage and [ __ ]
all day long we already knew some
have discovered it now but what about gref who is
listened to by many children many
teenagers and who did
interesting things it is disappointing that he reads a
message that is a radical lie that
the forces and security bodies of the
State have been denying all day and
what is your fault it is a disgrace
someone with such a big loudspeaker who has the
capacity to release it I hope eh
And I hope that in the next few hours we see
this youtuber that I have really
been following what are you going to follow Ana
pastor Honestly to me you are a
fool that you see ag playing
fortnite Ana pastor so that you
understand me the sixth is a
television channel and above all this one and the husband
okay they are super close to the government super
super Defenders of Podemos of PSOE okay I mean
so that you understand what the
move is about and what is the ac that is doing
because this seems super disappointing to me from
gref let's see
disappointing it would be if he takes the
tele5 news and gives you that news By the way
Javi, what Ruben said was a recurring theme
and Ikel Jimenez came back to talk, I
have it if you want we can
watch it, I haven't been able to watch it in three gossip
but the truth is that I had it prepared
to watch it there which is where I am
dealing with the Dana issue we could
discuss it here if you want I have it
prepared here let's go see what
Iker said and what Ruben said I do
believe that it is like that but what happens is that because
of an agile he has
probably ruined his entire reputation for a
lot of people man you you this thing But how
how can you be disappointed that I
do it antenna three news tele5 TV
Spanish television not that a youtuber
takes it and finds a viral tweet
How can you mute How can you mute luar you
smoked a joint luar you smoked a joint
luar is telling me that these that I
am mute Sorry I didn't rectify because
Elia this The problem is that gisp from
greev and some others makes people
believe it and then but it's that look
anyway eh you can't  have you ca
n't have control of all the
tws that you see You can't even
trust the community notes because
the community note let's see
what gref said Okay now if anything I
'll click what I have left the move It's that
how it has to be that even
Willy has answered gref to support him they are
finished they have lost all
credibility they don't fool anyone telling people at
home to turn off the television is the
best they can do okay how heated I'm going I'm going
to hit myself for God
Ah heated Mesopotamian you were on
TV Yes I was on TV no how
can it be I was on TV [ __ ] I was on
TV guys then I
understand that Ah Now I know why I was
on TV I was on TV because they
commented that two days ago we
did a charity live and that in 10
hours we raised almost 50,000 for
those affected not the attack is because you pay
taxes in Andorra that is the attack the one
from Dana in Valencia I understand I understand
Ah they have covered this news guys
wow what good people television
echoing these things that we
streamers do and what we
influencers do that sometimes we make
mistakes we do things wrong but
sometimes I think we contribute our Ah
no no Ah no it wasn't it it wasn't this
guys I think I know I think I know
where you're going I received some clip
Look it wasn't my turn yesterday live because I
didn't read WhatsApp but when I
finished yesterday directly from playing some
quiet games of fortnite and one of
the moderators of this channel sends me a video
that is the following I said I can't
believe it because this is [ __ ]
[ __ ] I mean what you're going to see now is
a disgrace and [ __ ] [ __ ] How
are you Valeria you are very much loved
beautiful I'm glad to see you there and I
'm also watching bret Gary But I don't
understand I'm not from Spain But it looks bad
that a communicator is aware of another
communicator Although gref plays fortnite he
is also a communicator in the same
events that he does let's see so that you
understand me The problem is that if the
figures of The problem  is that with this let's
see so you understand me Okay look I'm
going to try to summarize as much as possible I do
n't know if gres will explain it but I'm
going to explain it to you The problem is that the
government's management of this catastrophe has been
exposed eh they are
corrupt they are [ __ ] they
are scoundrels
legalized thieves okay em The Movida is that
when you pay so many taxes and they
legally steal so much money from you that you
earn working then it is supposed not that what is
always defended when when you
have seen these debates in which
we discuss that they steal too much from us
no what is defended
is the hospitals social security we lack nothing public transportation the roads the aid no And then of course There is a natural catastrophe and they are not helping the people of our country Here there are several movidas Greetings grandfather for the ture of the presidential elections in the United States you could
do it from telesalseo I don't think I
can do more things the a kiss a kiss
Steven I send you a big kiss
Thank you very much for your super chat friend
eh what is  what what is happening Of
course you see that when there is an
earthquake in Morocco the
politicians from here the progressives from here the
left-wing politicians from here come out and
say running we send our
army and the ume because there could be
people under that rubble and the
first hours are eh super
important to recover people and
save lives and when it happens for the
Spanish there is no reason because they do not have to
pose they do not have to
pose and they have been for days without
appearing in Valencia they have left them
abandoned with [ __ ] with garbage without
no connection or I mean how they are that they are that it
seems like that the purge at night there is no
because there is nothing there are no
connections the thing is completely
collapsed We have already seen it look here
I have a video no problem with pleasure
Grandpa a handsome kiss Here I have a
video for example so you can see how it is
still today Valencia is worth
any neighborhood Look November 4th
Alfafar it is 9 in the morning Well
here they have cleaned They have already eh the
neighbors and all the volunteers who
are traveling to Valencia to help
here have cleaned This is going on Look at
the cars they have them they have  stacked on one
side but this was all in the middle
Okay and the street well as far as they
could it was cleaned but you have to keep in
mind that here the people of course there is no
water no electricity no connections there is
nothing or rather this is completely I am
legend okay the movie I am legend
Look how this street is for example
you see or rather what you have seen of the
cars parked well they
are working as best they can all day the people we
understand like Andorra at 3 in the
afternoon like Andorra at 3 in the afternoon
Exactly Well people are doing
their business and throwing it where they
can in bags Well here the
garbage truck doesn't come or anything so m
if you are telling me that we are
paying stratospheric taxes
how the hell is it that there is no money to help
people today Ángel Gaitán said it
take all the people from all the
affected populations put them in
hotels and pay for their hotel with
public money without shame when
immigrants from Africa come to the
Canary Islands they stay in five-
story hotels sanity to the steel a kiss
Many  thanks you know send the
cleaning companies the
electricity and communications companies to
install everything to restore everything as soon as
possible because there is a focus of
infection of diseases, it is
tremendous there are corpses underneath there
are corpses everywhere in the
garages that have not yet been bailed out, it
is tremendous no and the
youtubers are being criticized because they are
donating a lot of passes gref contributed
that and v chocas they have sent trucks and
trucks of food a lot of money
also amany Ortega has created a fund
of 100 million euros and the first day I
think he gave I don't know if it was 4 million
euros well he is being criticized for
why because the government is being exposed
the [ __ ] corrupt government is
being exposed what is
going on man there are some
responsibilities for example when you
go to Florida three weeks ago there was a
storm in Florida a tornado I think it
was not Valencia in my heart and my Javi
too mark a kiss man a kiss
Patricia beautiful I am glad to see you
when you in Florida there was a tornado
three weeks ago what is  What happens is
that the weather stations
already have a hurricane, it's worth it. They already predict it, so they
say, hey, they're warning the entire
population, everyone take shelter
in their homes, wherever they are, and they're careful,
Hurricane Milton is okay. And apart from the fact that
they're warning the entire population, they're already preparing
campaigns for when it's over and when
the hurricane passes, uh, to help with whatever is necessary.
20 people died in Florida,
here what's happening is they didn't warn the
people and apart from the fact that they didn't warn the people, the
people working, the people on the
roads, the shopping centers,
everything is functioning normally, you know,
people didn't expect that suddenly, you
know, uh, then the more deaths
there are in the final balance. Well, of course it's
a hard blow for the government because they
are responsible, I mean, really, let's
go with what with what with the
deaths that have been confirmed, I already
see that there has to be
criminal responsibility in all
jobs if you fail they fire you, no, but
here it's not just that they fire you. It's that
here there has to be
criminal responsibility Because these
sons of [ __ ] give themselves a salary that
comes out of their dick based on  to the
responsibilities they have and you see
politicians with a salary of 90,000
120,000 a year. Hello Javi, the world
is going crazy, the world is crazy,
the world is crazy and above all what
happens is that we have commented many times, we have
commented on it in gossip but here it
is a serious issue but there are more
short-sighted and imbecile people than people who think they are
united than intelligent people who
understand no and who realize
things no. And here they are defending the
government as if it were Sevilla
Beti, I am from Betim Man, let him lose no,
but this is so that there are
criminal responsibilities, that is, the
lives of the people who were in his
hands in his responsibilities and
Pedro says that he will not give more aid if they do not
approve the budget for the year, he
takes advantage of the misfortune to approve the
state budget, what happens is that
I do not understand because I do not know
much either Cesar, a kiss about that policy but
from what I have read, correct me okay, from
what I have read is that if they approve the
budget, he ensures himself THREE more years
as president, no, I do not know why
what about Sánchez the dog putting the
aid to Valencia and for him to be voted for
the general position is being a
miserable politicizing the
miserable misfortune he is a miserable they almost killed him
the other day because he is miserable so I will
introduce it to you let's analyze this a
television channel from
Spanish television takes a clip of mine they cut the
part where I say that it is a
comment from the chat and it could be a lie they
put it on the news of the almost
50,000 raised in that same live
no dic Nothing we are screwed cre has
almost 19 million subscribers on
YouTube Thank you very much guys for
those 19 million young people from your house
I'm sure they sound good they will listen to the
comment now I understand you grandpa you
explained it well like the video I saw of
a person who put mud on his
uniform to pose for the camera that
Ruben Jber if you want we can talk about it later do
you know who Ruben Jber is he has not
been around here that only on the
first floor of the place we are talking about there was
1 cad they have not found any yesterday a
friend who is from the Civil Guard went  one
of the 12 divers who went down to the Bonaire parking lot
and estimated that on the first
floor there were more than 1000 dead, so do
you think that
the guy is being manipulated, that is, the one we saw before,
at least Mmm, it was closer to
reality than what I was reading, a
comment could be a lie,
anyone could have written it, okay, but here it is
that they have directly manipulated it
to make it seem like he is signing it,
the news and the media are
really reflecting the number of
deaths there are and that's it, and they remain
calm and work done for today and on
to the news and continue, guys, and
continue and there is no problem, they just put me
on the news on a
Spanish television channel as if
I am a defamer of hoaxes from a clip that they
took from tiktok and they also
cut out the part where I say guys
this is a comment from a chat, it could
be an exaggeration, which means it
could be a lie, cut without
commenting absolutely nothing about the live,
grandpa, if Spain does not wake up with this, it
is the end. Look, you're going to freak out, okay, I've
taught before in telesalseo but I'm
going to teach it to you here too. Look, the
Ministry of Equality is okay, it's a
ministry that Irene Montero invented
to just get a job. On
2910 we received an orange alert and
most of the schools in my area
closed for safety. Because some
schools there didn't close that day. No,
no, no, school. Not everything, everything was paralyzed. It's not
that I'm reading what Javi said. He could
ask to demand the right to rectification.
Yes, and he should, Rubén, and he should, it's true, of
course, it's one more way to ensure La
Silla can make budgets with those
extended from 2023. Tomeo. Thank you very much,
man, extended budgets from
2023, that is, it's one more way to ensure
La Silla. But I don't understand why, I mean, I do
n't understand, but oh well, it doesn't
matter, I mean, if it's like that, no, if they prove
the budgets to help people. I
mean, it's not like, Hello, that's what
state funds are for, not that's what the
taxes that are paid are for, this is not
what was defended. Not that for
Chiringuito and to steal is to steal,
to steal.  to steal to steal for
[ __ ] and cocaine to steal and to
get the salary that suits her
dick without further ado Begoña Jve explains well
about the budget vote but it's
long J if you can send me the little piece I'll
put it ok But anyway we're looking at
Gref's thing Look Ministry of Equality is
worth a ministry that invents going to
Montero to have a job
and to get friends in okay
ministry to fight for feminism I do
n't know but half a million euros of
budget no no what's half a million
euros I curse my [ __ ] mother 500
million 500 million euros more than
500 million euros of budget
they make a meeting official tweet of
our state eh the Minister of
Equality Ana Redondo chaired this
morning the third operational meeting to
monitor the effects of the Dana
in terms of equality in terms of
equality okay In total you see that they upload
three photographs of this very
important meeting that they had Javi in ​​my
country of origin we will have many
shortcomings but this thing of not being warned
of a possible natural catastrophe I
've never seen it I bet  that the politicians and the
same ones who complain and earn a lot of
money didn't help at all, at all, at all, at
all, at all, the famous youtubers,
actors, all kinds of
people have been seen there working, okay, well, eh, I
said it, okay, they're meeting there
to see if the water, if the Dana, I, I
think that what they were debating here
was that, hey, naming this
catastrophe Dana isn't a little sexist,
we're assuming the gender of this
catastrophe, no. In total, they upload these
photographs and among the three photographs,
well, there's this one and in this one you can see that
here there's a paper, okay, if we zoom in
on the paper we realize that this is
basically what they have prepared,
not to record this,
coordinated communication, okay. And it says this is our
moment with an exclamation point, okay. This is
our moment, come on girls, it's
our moment to shine, obviously
when they realized that they have
leaked that, they deleted the tweet, man, they
deleted the tweet, no, this happens in
a first world country, incredible, we are
idiots, we are idiots, this
charitable thing has been and what it has
raised and they have been so
calm down indeed kids And that's how
[ __ ] TV works and you shut up and carry on
then of course I posted this tweet you
've already seen the impact it's
had on tweets It's that I say okay this
television channel is going to let me go by my
arm because what they're doing is a disgrace
A friend calls me at
12 at night focuses the TV on me and they're
putting me on a program
from the same channel talking about me again and I say
Hey please Hey really what the [ __ ] is
this man but today I came back from a
run and I find out that a famous
Spanish journalist called Ana
Pastor from the same television channel has
talked about me again on another
program you just came back on it's
the campaign it's the campaign it's a campaign
but it's against him specifically because he's
on Andorra la Sexta right now xddd in
a 24 hour time slot on television they have
shown a clip of mine cut out of
context and badly four times do you know
how many times of those four they have
commented on the money we raised do
you know how many times of those four they have
explained that it was a live show and that it's a
comment from  chat that anyone can post
and I myself say that pu
millions to reduce the sentences of the
violin says Lucho what Fran said about
all this that they are sons of [ __ ] he
said it in gref's live he went up to
gref's live and was pleased The
other day an exaggeration and that we have
raised almost
50,000 with everything that entails to
help people who are in Valencia
you know how many of the four zero Zero
in the last one have said it for an hour well
I am eager to see the I think what they have
done here in this program is
then put the full clip Well
there then the criticism will be less and the
attitude that the professionals the
journalists and the people of this channel have had of
course in the click that
we have seen in the click that we have seen you can
hear him say that Hey this
could be a lie that
maybe a person from the chat is putting it Likewise he
says What a disappointment What a disappointment that I
read a message from the chat
[ __ ] will be more calm pay attention to
Ana pastor pay attention to Ana pastor yesterday a
friend who is from the civil guard was one
of the  12 divers who went down to the Bonay parking lot
sorry to tell you this but
you're so tacky that you don't even look for the
original clip obviously guys it's a
comment that anyone can put up And
maybe it's exaggerated or not but this is
scary to the point there it is there it is
thanks for posting the clip it's not even
complete you downloaded it from tiktok
But anyway this clip is quite similar
to the reality of gref I find this very
disappointing that Rubén gisp throws
garbage and [ __ ] all day long we already
knew it some have discovered it
now but that gref who
many children many teenagers listen to got
into his role eh he got super he got
in super shape Aunt Centes and that he did
interesting things it's a disappointment be careful
eh
careful you're turning me on careful you're turning me on you're not going to put that tone on me for a clip taken out of context in theory you are doing something professional be careful you're going to turn me on a lot and when I get hot I don't have a [ __ ] hair on my
tongue Ana a question do you know how
a live chat works Do you know that
this happened many hours before
the  authorities are confirming
that there are no victims in the Buenaire parking lot
thank God thanks to
the authorities and thanks to the people
who have been saved you understand that in a
chat anyone can comment but in
any case it's like what they are
defending is because in the end Well, listen it is
suspected that in this parking lot Well there
could be many dead because what is
because in the end it is a shopping center
that is usually very crowded there are many
people who do not know the magnitude of
this catastrophe is worth the magnitude that it
has and there are many people who get off and
try to get their car out because maybe
the car is something that has cost them
a lot of work to pay which is something That they ca
n't lose you understand and there are
people who do not know that they are not
going to be able to save the car by getting it out of there
because the street is also going to flood outside you
understand and there are many people who
get out there are many people who have
died in the parking lot So it would be no it would not be
surprising if there were a
few dead it is not crazy
but of course if you realize what they
are trying to defend is that there are
less  Victims of the ones that are being
said as if that benefits the
government This is to defend the
government like your friend the one with the knife the one with
the news about me about Dallas
that they don't put news about the
youtubers when they are his friends who are
criminally convicted, that news not
the one about the the one about the
criminal convictions is that he is not very interested the one with the
knife was defending the government
saying nonsense and
clowning around without more I mean well then what
is it that you want to tell me pastor that there
are fewer deaths So that
takes away from the government what it has done that you
needed 3000 deaths instead of
500 800 whatever then they have not
done so badly no person and there were so many so many
tragic messages as
hopeful messages I hope eh And I hope that
in the next few hours we see this you who is
a disgrace are you going to tell me that it is
a disgrace what is a disgrace
is that in 24 hours you took me out four
times you mounted a campaign against me in
four different areas of
television  a clip that demonized him in
this way and that I did not comment on Of course because
they are so that they penetrate
everyone from different schedules, nothing of the
charity live of gref and some
more makes people believe it and
then we hear how I was Do not
worry I am going to rectify now the pu now you
can hit record guys I am going to
rectify I am going to rectify and I am going to
leave you here on the screen so that people
I want to start this clip by saying that
thank God thanks to the authorities
thanks to the people who were able to get out in
time The most important thing that you
all have to know is that in the Bonaire parking lot
as of today there is no V
now I go with the sixth I go with this
channel and I go with you Ana who has
addressed me directly this afternoon and
in such a resounding way as you have
done in a matter of 24 hours you have brought me
out three times on television in three
different time slots yesterday night last night
later today
afternoon talking about me And apparently a
fourth time right now while I am
doing this live with a clip that you have
used badly that is taken out of
context  and that you have ct in which
I myself say that it may be exaggerated,
that it may be a lie and that we have
to wait, that is what you have done and you are going to tell me that what I have done is a disgrace you know what a disgrace it is that of all the times that you have taken me on television you have not mentioned that that clip is from a charity in which I have told all
my followers what has happened in
Spain, what has happened in Valencia and
all my followers not only from Spain
but also from other parts of the world
know about it, to become aware and to help
the cause because it has helped many people
from abroad raising a total of almost
$ 50,000 you are going to appear on television
telling me that it is a
real disgrace, I really hope you get this
click I hope you get this click
because I said what I said at the beginning that it is
the most important information but
also this why don't you talk about the
good and echo something worse than that
Javi are sowing the seed of what is
really criminal that spreads
hoaxes without management  of the government
exactly exactly totally
totally Thank you very much self-criticism
thank you very much in context at the moment at the
moment because you have to stay above
the streamer you have to stay above
the influencer Look, I'm going to tell you one
thing, I'm saying it to you Ana, I'm saying it to the
sixth, I'm saying it to the people who work
there, to everyone, I have immense
admiration and respect for what you do, I'm telling you, I
truly consider you very,
very professional, all the people who
work in television are, but
because of things like this, more and more people
today distrust you and they get
information on social networks about
the problems that occur in the world before they do
with you and more and more because you
do a great job with some things
but with others your
intentions are too obvious, a lot of encouragement and please
let go of your [ __ ] arm, you have achieved
what the internet could not in a long time, I am
also even grateful to
you. Thank you for achieving this,
truly from the heart, thank you, you have
achieved it, but seriously, let go of your arm,
let go of an issue that I have not dealt with and I will not have
time for today, at least it
is the issue  of which they have given to rorro
uncle sean or rather they have preyed on rorro
because he has gone to help or rather they have preyed
on everyone
who has gone to help and you want to leave
eh gref eh [ __ ] and you go and crash crash
man yesterday we were watching that thing with that
clown who messed with him crashes
or rather tremendous tremendous tremendous
tremendous the [ __ ] because it's already making him
sad automatically this clip cut
live automatically this clip
cut on the sixth there are many victims
in Bonaire I am a son of a [ __ ] I'm going to
kill everyone I love
money I love drugs long live the
casinos how lazy man how lazy man how lazy man how lazy man how lazy man oh
my goodness
how truly lazy look how I get
horny few times and less each day
but man they've shown me on television
in 24 hours four times four times
kids they've brought me out again let's
see this this is from right now
November 5th 88:30 really people
will have given them interactions we issued the
full statement of  from gref about the
viral hoax from buenaire that is not
journalism it is mud and
chaos they are grabbing my arm they are
grabbing my arm that what that my
arm is starting to hurt is it because it
gives them audience is because they want to mess
with the streamers is because they have to
fill the content of the day in some
way five five times what is really
the background of that why It seems
reading the headline and watching the videos and
the journalists talking to me like this It is not
right there is no shame I hope that you
come out in the next few hours issuing
a statement rectifying and asking for
forgiveness for the mirror that from this
channel and from various programs we
put in front of them and from greev it is written
together inept reflection that it seems that it
was not to their liking a reflection that showed
these information gurus who
twist the data that
information gurus who twist the data for
whatever my live reaction to this
video that we saw of the politics that
both the PP and the PSOE right left
up and down had made a
piece of [ __ ] that that that is not of
interest to us to put it on television do you not
remember  from the video that we
guys reacted to at the charity What was the
channel called Memorias de pez maybe it was
a spectacular piece of video that
explained the incompetence that there had
been in Spain with the management of the
Dana in the first hours that video That no
that they haven't released it yet they are not on the
way that we at the sexa
had made up and chopped up his
story This young man this 27-
year-old from Murcia is known for his
video game broadcasts he does not practice journalism he
is not a journalist in fact in his track record he
also has that Forbes magazine in
2020 listed him as one of the
most important influential influencers
in our country careful careful careful careful stop stop stop stop you've been
saying good things about me for 20 seconds Go
live in Andorra or eh I don't know
I had phimosis surgery throw something now quickly they'll
cut you throw something it's already freaking you
out I'm telling you seriously Spain
has a disproportionate community it's
brutal the amount of people who follow this
this subject this person subject
and the truth is that  your messages don't fall
on deaf ears they don't fall into an empty space
therefore everything that one says in the background
doesn't fall no no ca is important it is
transcendental I also want to rescue the
moment the video that we
wanted to broadcast here yesterday But this time we
are going to do it for a whole minute
the entire message that this guy yesterday eh
wanted What is that Who just
spoke to me at the time I also tell you guys it
's very good that they had to put
a tweet with 3 million impressions
so that they deign to put the
full clip [ __ ] and scared you are to
dedicate a minute Wait what Also I think it
was in prime Time they
dedicated a minute of television in
prime Time to put a clip of tiktok
1723 then it says Ah okay they already posted
the tweet at 88:30 buo it doesn't matter if it
's in prime Time or not I mean in Prime
Time it would be more scandalous but 5:30
in the afternoon fourth or fifth time that they
came out to me that I ask him David
canovas tell me tell me tell me tell me what Fuentes do
you hug to get there  to talk about those
dead in that parking lot Because the
reality is that no official source
confirmed the death at any time,
the guy super outraged with gres eh
asking him for responsibility for this is
that this This is tremendous eh that
bodies were found inside that
parking lot no but a piece of [ __ ]
machine eh authentic machine you can
understand that now you are speaking at a
time when news has come out
that it is confirmed that there is no
body thank God thank Al
Milagro and thanks to the authorities
for the work and thanks to the people how
disgusting do you understand a piece of authentic
machine that at a previous moment
any person in a chat can say
I think there are more victims or I think there are
no victims t
you understand that you can stop focusing that I read a
comment in a chat like I made
a YouTube video an
Instagram reels I posted a tweet and I uploaded
a tiktok with a mask you can stop
doing the
inappropriate focus est no dude they posted the
ironic chocas tweet they posted the
chocas tweet from yesterday the
ironic tweet  about taxes Although I do
n't think it should be ironic eh But
well Look Eh yeah I mean guys
Honestly this is maximum comedy I know
this yeah no this is already comedy look look they
have underlined eh tax delinquent
chocas eh here thanks to the sixth for
putting this clip of chocas on television I
mean literally there are people right now
very scared that have changed the channel
saying damn What a scare I just got
with this [ __ ] bald guy I mean
imagine watching the news and
hearing this followers aud the
reconstruction when his followers
accuse him that with taxes they
help the reconstruction of Valencia it
explodes they can't have manipulated so much I
mean they put choca's tweet as
if it weren't ironic okay throwing in
the president of the government for
spending the money on whatever he wants
and not helping people okay
chocas who has stayed in Spain and will
pay how much will chocas pay in taxes
a year 3 million I don't know how much he will
pay 3 4 million in half of what he
earns and Take and take and put it there and on
top  They have the nerve to take the
clip where the choca was
eating that clown from Podemos and they
put it as if it were a follower who
is blaming him that the money is used
to help rebuild Valencia man you ca
n't be more sons of
[ __ ] no no no no it can't be that they
did that it can't be that they did that
man and you're telling yourselves a guy you
're telling yourselves a guy who put
this thumbnail today with all my dick eh
the thumbnail that I put to the video
of the main one that the typical one where
the dark-skinned kid comes out no and I don't give a
damn kid total I already I was already canceled a
long time ago it can't be man
questions Morales you To me
a tremendous support tremendous tremendous cinema
no Look at this I have this here okay Eh
This is a tweet from info blogger says
tele5 took me from a video without
mentioning me but I'm already used to it
from an interview I did with this
girl but they cut something that
she says let's see if you guess what okay she's
going to try This is the original clip
This is the  original clip okay you have to
bring ik Jimenez man I hope Patricia I
hope Let's see he's a very good friend of Roma yesterday
yesterday I contacted him about the issue of what you
were asking me about the
warehouses and such that there was a girl
but it's that Jimenez is very busy let's go Never
say never no But
I hope listen listen this is the
original clip okay Well the first thing you
see is that they've cut Isaac but
of course you know what I think and no no
the truth eh being fair it says
Social media sources It's that I think I've
seen this clip of the girl cut
without Isaac on Many of these Twitter accounts
that publish clips like mine
okay I mean I've seen this cut in a
square of the girl so it could be
that they didn't cut Isaac on purpose so
as not to give him credit it could be that they
took it from social media
okay I mean that's what happens this is what the
Internet has but well the clip has
been cut Look listen to it And see if you can
guess what part they've cut on
Tele5 that is going to try to take advantage of that
situation like for example Today we are
at the gym cleaning  and while we
were cleaning the gym during the day
20 people in one of the cars that we
had left our things outside inside
the car there were some black and
Moorish kids and I say this because they were black and
Moorish because they weren't Norwegian and it has to be
said and it has to be said because I don't care if they
tell me that this comment
is racist because it's not racist it's a
sense that they're going to try to take advantage of that
situation Okay what do you think they cut off
the girl saw how they emptied her car and
while we were cleaning the gym there
must be 20 people trying to steal our
things from our in front of our
noses this other girl saw how they
emptied her car you should consult
with Dallas here telling Isaac to
report it no m then if you
take a microsecond of your content they'll
tear the video Instant what
scoundrels
the content issue let's see I always to m to me it's that they always write to me dude I mean I have a good vibe there daddy with all the TV you can't imagine they grab click with your watermark Oh please that has to happen at some point really or  be and I think it will
happen in fact I trust that it will
happen Eh I have no doubt
that it will happen but let's see the thing
is that you can obviously sue
if they use your content but I I mean well
I'm very it has to be an
outrage for me to get involved in something like that
I write to me eh Normally they
write to me and I always tell them take
whatever you want don't bother me
when I take something of yours and I really
usually take things they don't bother me
and when they bother me I answer
some of the emails they have out there
that they have written to me in some Hey do you
remember that you told me this
[ __ ] and they usually take it from me no no no
only have problems with that okay
between the sals they give you credit Yeah
normally when I appear
everywhere it's that they usually write to me the truth a
lot the truth eh No no it's not to make a
fool of me
[Music]